as Daniel ping
said people fail to achieve Mastery not
because they aren't talented but because
they aren't
disciplined the wonderful news about the
human condition is you can get good at
anything that you set your mind to it's
just not going to be easy and it's not
going to be fast but the willingness to
put in that work is what's going to
separate you from everybody else and I'm
begging you to see yourself right now
today as average as no better than
anyone else but I beg you with more
Force than I know how to convey with
this language to see yourself as
malleable to see yourself as capable of
becoming anything you want to become to
become truly extraordinary if you can
find within yourself the discipline to
stick with it long enough and as Steve
Martin said
perseverance is a great substitute for
talent everybody wants to talk about
who's talented everybody looks at the
person with innate Talent as if they
have something
magical but to me it's a gift it's a
hand out it's a freebie it hasn't been
earned and no matter what it is it's
only the beginning even somebody that
has talent even if you get an early win
if you let somebody outwork you if you
let somebody who has more perseverance
more grit than you then they are going
to outperform you on a long enough
timeline the only thing I can guarantee
is you will be outworked by somebody
unless you pour your heart and soul into
getting great if you don't take days off
if you put yourself into it as if your
life depended on it when you act like
that then you've got a chance to be
great and as Robert Hy said pressure can
bust pipes but it can also make diamonds
you've got to want that pressure you've
got to want things to be hard you can't
seek out the easy life you can't just
hope and pray that you can uncover
inside of you some Talent that's laid
dormant that you didn't know about
that's going to let things be easy for
you don't want the easy want the hard
want the pressure want the thing that's
going to turn you into
something because when it's
easy you don't work for it when it's
easy you don't push when it's easy you
get surpassed by the person who has to
give it their all who's prepared to do
Blood Sweat and Tears In order to become
that thing that they want to be so badly
because they are so
angry that they were never given
anything and with that chip on their
shoulder they're determined to become
anything that they set their mind to so
whether you have talent whether you
don't the only thing that matters is
will you
persevere will you stick with it long
enough to get
[Music]
great